How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, 
which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD 
Python module in the future?

By making a CRUD module, I was able to call the method whenever I needed it instead of writing the code for every section. This lead to cleaner looking code. By
having clean looking code, I can more easily read what is written, maintain or update as the need arrises, and adapt it more easily to the surrounding code.

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did 
your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to 
meet other client requests?

My first approach is to get the code to work together. From there, I add the requirements that the customer asked for. If I encounter a problem, I know it came from
the newly added section of code I just added, and not the other sections of code.

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

Computer scientists view the output's of a computer and translates it into a logical understanding of the situation. This matters greatly in today's high tech society.
By knowing how to instruct the computer to function as the customer wants provides a great survice to the company. This is because a computer can process data much
quicker than any human can. By processing data, from the computer scientists input, the customer can recieve what they were looking for much quicker. By having this
amount of data so readily available, companies like Grazioso Salvare can adapt their buiseness model around a more rapid and responsive product to their own customer
base.
